Adds known issue related to missing docker image in 9.0 (#2116)
elastic/docs-content: release-notes/elastic-security/known-issues.md

% :::

:::{dropdown} The {{elastic-agent}} Docker image is not available at `docker.elastic.co/beats/elastic-agent:9.0.0`

Applies to: 9.0.0

**Impact**

> The {{elastic-agent}} image is not available from `docker.elastic.co/beats/elastic-agent:9.0.0`. The default manifests for deploying CSPM and CNVM use this image location, resulting in an error.

Reviewer: This is for any integration that needs elasic-agent to run on Kubernetes

> The {{elastic-agent}} image is not available from `docker.elastic.co/beats/elastic-agent:9.0.0`. The default manifests for deploying CSPM and CNVM use this image location, resulting in an error.

Author: ```suggestion
The {{elastic-agent}} image is not available from `docker.elastic.co/beats/elastic-agent:9.0.0`. The default manifests for integrations that run {{elastic-agent}} on Kubernetes—such as CSPM or CNVM—use this image location, resulting in an error.
```
